update changelog (#326)
socotecio/django-socio-grpc: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.23.1

> - Adding a new filters.OrderingFilter for allowing array orderingwith grpc struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding a new filters.OrderingFilter to allow array ordering using list directly as supported by gRPC
```
